Prof. Chang:  
Click reaction with biotin-azide for 30 min at 37 °C, respectively. The final concentrations of each component were: 1% SDS, 5% t–BuOH, 200 µM biotin-azide, 2 mM TCEP, 0.9 mM CuSO4 and 0.1 mM Cu(TBTA). The lysate proteins were precipitated by adding 4 volumes of EtOH pre-chilled at −20 °C (EtOH final concentration is 80 % v/v). The sample was vortexed briefly and incubated at −80 °C overnight to facilitate protein precipitation. The precipitate was collected by centrifugation at 21,000 x g for 30 min at 4 °C and washed twice with pre-chilled EtOH (80%), once with pre-chilled acetone. The pellet was air-dried, then dissolved in 20–50 µL 50 mM HEPES (pH 7.6), 4% LDS and 1 mM EDTA and dissolved by vortexing and heating at 50-60 °C until the protein pellet dissolved. LDS was diluted to a final concentration of 0.5% with 50 mM HEPES (pH 7.6) and added to 50 µL of Streptavidin sepharose beads pre-equilibrated with 50 mM HEPES (pH 7.6) and 0.5% LDS. Small potion of samples was kept as input,  The rest sample was incubated with beads for 2 h at room temperature by end-over-end rotation after that supernatant was removed by centrifugation at 500 x g for 3 min. The beads were washed three times with 500 µL of 50 mM HEPES (pH 7.6) with 0.5% LDS with end-over-end rotation at room temperature for 30 min during each wash. The bound protein was eluted by boiling the beads at 98 °C for 10 min with 30 µL of 2 X Laemmeli dye containing 6% βME. The sample was subjected to SDS-PAGE and then colloidal coomassie staining.  
for 1-2mg lysates  